Loshof
Although we Jiangnan used to be under your care
But today
If you don't care about the life and death of our entire Jiangnan
Don't blame us Jiangnan for cutting
Loshov
Although I don't know what you have to do with this junior
But the will of the people cannot be violated
I have hated thousands of loyal bones in Jiangnan for more than 20 years
Don't be deceived
Who dares to come to Qin Shao to marry today?
It is against the whole of Jiangnan
Ask you young and old if you agree
No, no, no, no
No.
promise
He actually called this fool a young master
If my daughter marries him
It is a hundred times stronger than marrying Qin Shao
Lu Zhouzhu, I am Yuxin's mother
What is your relationship with Lin Haoran?
Yuxin's marriage can be re-killed
Zhu Yan, you old bitch
Do you want to go back on it?
You don't think about it.
If he is really capable
How could he have only dared to sneak into Jiangnan in the past 20 years?
I didn't dare to disobey the orders of the True North Kingdom
If you don't marry your daughter into my in-laws
The Jiangnan family is the first to destroy you
I didn't say anything else.
Isn't this a good discussion?
Molly, for the sake of you taking care of us before
You can take that sand away today
We will not report to Zheng Beiwang either.
From now on, our grudges are clear
This is the name of our entire Jiangnan
The past repeats itself
Do a good job
Take Jiangnan's reputation as your responsibility
If I hadn't taken care of you all these years
I was really deceived by you.
Young Master, did they lie to you like this?
They say there is a China that is 100,000 times more repressive in the west of the city
There are tens of thousands of dead Yin Sea in the east of the city
There are indeed 100,000 Chinese waiting in the west of the city
The consciousness of those who rebelled against the King of Zhenbei
They were all killed by the three wealthy families in Jiangnan
Chengdong Child Care
More Jiangnan
The same name given to the king of Zhenbei by the three rich families
These events
I have long taken refuge in the King of Zhenbei for his purpose